this step is about the fishing current
and quite honestly fishing current is a
whole world by itself it's it's 12 steps
all by itself because because a fishing
current and fishing it correctly is a
difficult thing to do and something you
have to you know you have to work at it
you have to work at this this is a
another situation where you just cannot
come up to the to the water's edge and
start whaling away
you need to stand here if it were me and
of course I've seen this before I kind
of know how know the lay of the land
here but if this was new to me I would
walk up maybe not even have my rod and
reel with me but I would walk up and I'd
look at the currents and I'd watch and
look at it it's got a little bit of
grass over there occurred so you know
and I number one don't cast upstream
every now and then that'll work but most
of the time I don't want I want you to
use the curve and if I throw it upstream
especially if I throw it upstream into
some quiet water the lure is not going
to work the correct way in the fish most
of the time they're not going to be
exactly in the middle of that current
every now and then they are but they'll
be around it they'll be at the edge of
it and that's what I'm looking for is
the edge of the current and I'm looking
for the little Eddie's whenever whenever
two currents hit each other they always
farm an eddy in my cast you know okay I
don't know where to cast here I've never
fished here before but I have checked
the currents out so Mike my first cast
would be right across that current and
I'm trying to swing this past pass this
grass right over here that's where
that's where a little bass ought to be
then I would I would eventually go
downstream here and start fishing that
Kurt and try to make the current push
whatever Lew
I'm fishing into that Bank over there
because you know this fish are kind of
lazy there they don't want to chase
something if they think if they think
the curd or the river is actually going
to bring some fish right to them
they'll set up for that so make your
cast with that in mind I threw over
there into a little piece of Eddy and I
pulled it out now it hit the curtain I
can feel oh the blades start wobbling
like a son of a gun and now it's again
not in the into the quieter water I
don't think that's quite a bit as
effective I want it next to the current
I want it next to the current line
necessarily not necessarily in the
current although I would throw into it
because that's the thing that's going to
get my bait wiggling or my spinner bait
spinning and then you know when you fish
current you can make your cast and not
do a whole lot of winding I can make my
cast over to the current and get it get
the blade water running or get to get it
wobbling get it swimming and then let
the curt do the rest it'll just take it
right to the right place it will just
swing this bait right across there and
I've never real dit all I have to tell
you fishing current can be can be tricky
it's something you have to work at
pretty hard like I said the boy it can
be effective you get really good fishing
the current and you're going to catch
more in one fish I'll tell you that
you